[Applause]
[Music]
by
[Applause]
[Music]
maybe this is all just cigarettes where
is everything on the list I gave you I
noted out in the dairy aisle excelled
understand much why you think it's okay
to be a recreational morphine it means
so much to me that you guys been
throwing me the 63rd birthday / divorce
/ knee surgery party near 77 years old
even married eight times when you're
having knee surgery in and around your
face
[Applause]
let's get this party started okay when
are we gonna wrap this up I need to be
in bed by 5:00 by 5:30 I'm gonna be
dreaming of Tom Hardy like and putting
off his dentures that's five o'clock now
and to all a good night
can I just say I love being able to
celebrate with all of my closest friends
and Jessa which dress you guys like
better oh definitely the sleeveless it's
like so modern yet classic she can't
wear the sleeveless
let's get her kisses drier than my labia
before I discovered coconut oil which by
the way really does do everything that
this could be a secret
I am completely humiliated you may have
finally done it young lady
okay come on give it up you slag Oh all
right
[Laughter]
you guys know Arnaz right oh yeah yeah
he's got super hip 9:02 plays
experimental mandolin on bingo night we
were working on some music last night
and we've hit it pin it of a crime am I
supposed to know what that means sheesh
are you are daft but when I make love to
your armpit yeah it's a burgeoning trend
here in senior living I just wrote a
piece on it for the days and senior
living newsletter my expose and herpes
in the Tennis Club was literally fiery
yeah I'm looking literally amazing that
you had a test case right here now it is
not my fault he told me it was bedsores
and who was I to object
it took him frankly I'm surprised it
took me this long to get it herpes is so
basic yeah we all got it front end
[Applause]
you know what I'm just going to wear the
damn sleeveless dress especially if it's
just the four of us actually there is
one more person coming the stripper
stripper you have got to be joking they
prefer to be called sensuality artist
stripper is not a very well girlfriend
Hannah what are you doing what I got
introspection of a website for UTI okay
I'm airing it out get really baby can
you please do that somewhere else excuse
me for living out loud gossip is here
and you're all under a mom mom when I'm
working it's officer sausage oh yeah he
totally has your but I never fully
forgotten that it's my birthday
hello Hampton all right well I'm gonna
eat this whole cheesecake in hopes they
fall into a diabetic coma so I can
forget that my son just came over to
show me his member
take the wheel hey dumpsters I've
gotten sure an ecstasy who wants to
party till we crap ourselves huh
yeah I'm not falling for that again
officer stuff nobody else bothered by
the fact that Elijah has an age like
even a little I told you
it's oil of olay and boxed wine did any
of you even try it
it's sin I paid for a stripper so
chop-chop with the dancing Sonny and
I'll toss in an extra hundred for the
armpit stuff yeah
[Applause]
contacts my parents
great 80s back
Thank You Lena Lena Dunham everyone the
final Sunday and next Monday on HBO I am
Jimmy Kimmel if you enjoyed the video
hit subscribe and if you don't click
Subscribe this invisible hamster will
die